bpo-44508: [Doc] Document failure mode for loop.call_soon_threadsafe (#27688)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-eventloop.rst

.. method:: loop.call_soon_threadsafe(callback, *args, context=None)

   A thread-safe variant of :meth:`call_soon`.  Must be used to

>    schedule callbacks *from another thread*. If the event loop has been
>    closed, :exc:`RuntimeError` is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   schedule callbacks *from another thread*.
   
   Raises :exc:`RuntimeError` if called on a loop that's been closed.
   This can happen on a secondary thread when the main application is
   shutting down.
```
